Yeah. So, so, if it's not that, so if it's  like...
we be there for 3 nights right? could it be really different from the first night, versus the third night?
Yeah, From the sun right? Yeah.
Yeah.
Ohhh... Okay, okay.
Okay.
Do you know that there's a solar maximum, and solar minimum, and it's like a 11 or 13 years of cycle. Yeah.
and it also look, weather has  coughtering.
So, so, if it's cloudy then it doesn't just completely cover up the ... The auroras.
Uhuh.
Okay, so, it's, it's, probably the only way, we see that is super strong, and goes peek to all the clouds.
Oh, that's gonna be extra cool, men.
Oh, it's kinda came to yourself to...
Is it, is that, how it works if you are higher elation, you're more guaranteed to ***
Oh okay. You guys go up, because you guys knew it was cloudy? Oh, just part of ***. Oh, okay. Oh, okay okay. So it wasn't just like a just in case thing, you guys decided to do that.
Oh.
okay, so that's why you kinda wanna go again? Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Uhuh, there's a hot spring up there?
Like, when you say huge, like, like, how, like a only big size swimming pool kinda thing?
Oh, so it's like a small lake or something that...
Oh...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Uhuh.
You know how wa water constantly runs? it makes like weird, oh that's the look? Oh, okay, okay, okay.
Ha!
So, was there snowing , with that evening. Oh, dude that's tricky.
Yeah, that's,  that's ...
Yeah.
Niow the water is it Japan onsen hot?
Oh, so, you can just dive in, without like taken easy. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. okay. That's pretty cool.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that's, yeah.
That's good to turn out that way, cause I've heard cruise people would like going to a trip like that.
And like it just turns ugly. Hahahahaha! Like.
No... We've done it so many times already. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Like tennis rackets kinda thing?  I have also just grab it. Oh look how *** right? wait are those ***?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That *** *** sounds fun.
Okay, is there ice fishing too?